Add blogpost for week 18 (#1135)
packit/packit.dev: weekly/2026/week-18.md

---
title: Week 18 in Packit
date: 2026-05-05
authors: mmassari
tags:
  - 2026-April
  - 2026
  - April
---

## Week 18 (April 29th – May 5th)

> - Fix circular import that prevented the allowlist script from running. ([packit-service#3116](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/3116))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have fixed a circular import that prevented the allowlist script from running. ([packit-service#3116](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/3116))
```

Is this something user-facing though?

Author: I thought it was, but in the end it wasn't. I will remove the line.
